This essay covers the Economic, Security, Professional, and Social sections of the requirements.  
  
This project will not have any financial limitations, as we are creating a piece of open-source software it will not rely on anything that is not free and open-source. As this project is entirely software, we do not have anything that we need to purchase to complete it, and therefore we do not have a budget either. The only things that we will end up paying for will be display materials when we present our final project, and we will supply the funds for those ourselves. As this project is open-source, we will not be restricted to use UC’s (or any other specific) facilities. Our project will not necessarily contribute to economic development. If we were developing a piece of software that was not going to be fully open-source, there would likely be more financial implications involved, but because this project will be released and fully open-source, there are no noteworthy financial implications.  
  
This project, as with almost all technology related projects will have security take a major role in how the project ends up. One major concern of an application that provides a service for a defined cost is that the application must take care of the payment information of the customer, but we are avoiding this issue by using third party payment software when necessary, because that is honestly more secure than writing our own payment processor for this project. Another security concern for many software applications is the security of your account, which we will handle by encrypting all user passwords with bcrypt before storing them in the database, that way no plain text passwords will be able to be compromised from our system. We initially thought about doing a permission system, but decided it wouldn’t end up making our application more secure because all accounts would likely end up needing all permissions to truly function properly. While a virus inside a virtual machine is a possibility, our application will not be susceptible to the viruses of that operating system in the same way, so viruses are not a concern for this project. In general, while there are always concerns in software pertaining to security, we don’t believe there will be any security holes that we have not accounted for above.
  
As for the professional side of the project, it will have a direct impact on the reputation of the company. If a rough looking final product is delivered the public may not want to use it. But if it looks good and functions correctly, then people may be more willing to try it out. Our goal is to make a streamlined product that has the feel and polished look of a professional application. Our project will also require specialized expertise in the form of familiarity with the Triton Datacenter API. We will need to examine it and develop our application around its requirements so everything works correctly. In the end, this will be important because it will allow people to use Triton Datacenter to host virtual machines and docker containers without needing the specialized knowledge that would be required to build them the normal way.  
  
In terms of the social part of this project, one of the main goals for this project is to provide a portal for consumers so that they can manage virtual machines independently instead of asking for changes on their behalf. This also means that support for Triton won’t have to make changes for users themselves. This project is being designed with the intent of being open-sourced. Being open sourced, anyone is free to use the code or even build upon it to satisfy their needs. It goes without saying that being open-source equates to free. The project will benefit those who use Triton datacenter for virtual machines and will significantly make the process of managing these VM’s easier.
