Our project is to design a user friendly interface for Triton Datacenter. Specifically, the interface will be for creating and managing virtual machines using the Triton Datacenter API. This is so end users who may not have the knowledge neccessary for using Triton's interface are able to create basic virtual machines and containers. Having a simplified interface will streamline the process for them. Another thing to note about this project is it will enable people to host a full platform for reselling server resources for virtual machines. Since our project and Triton Datacenter will be/are open source, a person would not need to buy any software to handle creating their own virtualization environment.  
  
The courses that I have taken that relate to this project are EECE 3093C Software Engineering and CS4092 Database Design. The software engineering course will help with designing user stories and user stories. The things I learned in that class will be very helpful for designing a clean and useable site. I also learned about security concerns from this class, something that I will have to take into account when we start laying out the project. The database design class will help with creating and maintaining the database for the project. This is important because having an organized database will make it easier to implement the logic for the project.  
  
My co-op job helps with this project because of the web development skills I've learned there. We plan to build this project using Javascript with Aurelia for the front end and NodeJs and PostgresSql for the backend. I worked with everything except for Aurelia at Seven Hills Technology (my current co-op job) as a web developer. However, from what I've heard from my bosses, Aurelia is very easy to pick up so I believe that we will not run into any issues trying to us it. I've also learned more about user stories from working at Seven Hills Technology which should prove useful in helping to design the project. The only other thing I've picked up from my co-op job is project collaboration best practices. We use git all of the time and I've become very good at working with multiple people on the same project.  
  
I am exicted to work on this project because it will be the first time that I have taken something like this project all the way from start to finish. Most of the projects I've worked on at work are still in progress. How long it actually takes to build a website was a big suprise to me when I started there. To start with, we will create user stories and design mockups for the project. We'll have to decide on a style for the site at this point as well. This will probably take about 20% of the total time we spend working on the project.  
  
After all of that is done, we will begin actually programming the site. To collaborate, we will use git, though I would like to see if we can store the project in bitbucket instead of github because it has a much nicer interface for viewing the commit tree. Anyway, we will probably divide the user stories into sprints and use the agile method to stay on track for the project. The project will be complete when the user stories are completed, the unit tests return no errors, and a user is able to create and manage virtual machines on Triton Datacenter through our site. To be honest, I think the two hardest parts of this project will be the user stories and coming up with a design for the site. The rest will just be straight-forward coding.
